Welcome to Miltown Comics in beautiful Hollywood, California!
Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
Fucking shit! Shit! Fucking shit, man! Oh, shit!
Oh, my ass!
No, no. I'm very excited to be here tonight, Dan, Daniel.
I don't know if I've mentioned this to you in the past 25 years, but your sincerity sounds sarcastic.
That's my Midwest accent.
Let's bring Game Master Spencer Crittenden out. Game Master!
Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Shit! Shit!
Fucking shit!
All right. It was great. Thank you. It was good. It was pretty good.
It was great. It was freezing. I was walking home from the bar tonight, and it was freezing.
It was freezing outside. It was cold out. You were wearing a shirt.
So nice. I went into the Froyo. You went into the Froyo?
It's warmer in the Froyo. That's how cold it is.
Well, I got to get out of this Arctic chill. I better go to the frozen yogurt area.
No, because the Froyo was not packed. It was deserted. That's how cold it was.
It was deserted. Look at this guy. Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
We're like the lions in front of the Chicago Museum of Natural History.
Oh, shit! That's what they're saying, right?
You want a book? Shit! Oh, shit!
So Halloween's upon us. You must be excited. You're one of those people.
I'm one of those people that is excited. What does that mean?
Well, you like to put effort into the Halloween. I like putting effort into the Halloween.
You make the costumes there. I make the costumes.
You're like one of those Adam Savage art school, I don't know, dyslexic people.
This is true. It's a big day of the year for you.
You like to go like, oh, look at me. I'm a big robot.
Dan, what are you going to go for Halloween? Are you going to dress up this year?
I am proud to say that it's a decision I have never made until three hours before any party I go to on Halloween.
And I have always done it with items in and around my neighborhood.
What is your favorite Halloween costume that you've ever done since knowing me?
Well, I'm not counting the ones that you made for me. You made me a ghostbuster.
Yes, I did.
I was a ghostbuster. That was my best Halloween costume that I ever had.
I didn't make that costume.
That's true. I made it.
You made me a proton pack out of household objects. It looked like a proton pack.
It looked like one.
It was great.
It was good.
Great.
So here's the thing. So you know these people...
That was the best one.
Yeah, it was. My favorite one is when I found that computer monitor on the street, the day of Halloween.
I took it home. I took all the stuff out. I put the monitor on my head.
I glued Viking horns to it from a helmet.
I put on a fur diaper and a tail, and I was a monitor.
And it was comfortable. I could sit.
And all the fratty guys at the park, because I was going out.
That was the only time in my life that fratty guys liked me.
I won a costume contest, because I kind of had like a Belushi-ish kind of hairy appeal.
Let me just explain.
You only had the furry diaper and monitor. You were shirtless.
Yeah.
I had a little fur cape because of my shoulder acne.
I remember that. Yes.
Okay.
So...
That was a good one.
So Halloween... So Dino and I were just talking about this.
So you know those people... So when they meet you...
Some of you are listening that are these people.
I've never been so certain about something.
I'm not a guy who proclaims things.
You know me. This show is about me being old and going like, I don't know what to make of this.
What do you kids think?
You're like, you're racist.
And I go, you're right.
Dad's racist.
You know what? What is race?
And they're like, you're right. Stop talking about it so much.
I'm like, I talk about it too much. You kids are right.
But here's something I'm absolutely certain of that I don't care.
I don't care if I'm the one person on Earth saying this.
If you're one of those people who when you meet somebody, if you ever hear yourself saying the words,
you don't remember my name, do you?
Yeah.
I'm not going to say you're a terrible piece of shit.
Because you might be doing it because you learned...
You know how dogs learn to lift their leg from other dogs?
Some dogs spend their whole life going like that.
Like Harvey. And then Nigel's just like, fuck it.
And then after a while, I guess they actually learned...
That's not important.
But you might have learned that behavior.
You might have learned that by being rewarded for it.
That's why I'm telling you.
If you're doing that, you are doing a bad thing to another person.
Why is it bad?
I know why it's bad, but I want education to happen.
Okay, so let's break it down.
Okay, do you want to VR this? Should we VR it?
Wait, VR it?
What, very...
Virtual reality.
Veronica Robbins.
I don't... Why would VR? We are VR.
It's a show.
Okay, great.
Okay, we're at a party.
Oh, okay.
That's role-playing.
Tomato, tomato, all right.
Okay, here we go.
Okay, all right. I'm at a party.
Hello.
Oh, hey, hey.
Hey.
Hi, Dan.
How's it going?
It's going pretty good.
You don't remember me, do you?
This party's amazing.
Kevin, who invited me to the party, and whose name I know,
did a great job hanging all these streamers,
I work with him.
He's my special effects engineer.
I had conversations with him about his children.
Kevin, his party, Dan, no.
Freeze it.
What happened?
Let's...
Hitchhiker's guide.
What happened?
What happened there?
I know what happened.
You know what happened.
They need to know what happened.
What happened is that my...
Well, okay, so here's the thing, but I've been...
It's a bait and switch.
What?
It's a...
Because it always starts with this face.
Yeah.
Why is that a bait and switch?
It seems like a bait and bait.
Well, I don't know.
Maybe I'm using bait and switch, Ron.
But it's...
Entrapment is what it is.
But is it even that?
It's just somebody coming up, I mean,
it's like if a cop just came up and said,
you're doing drugs, you're doing drugs, you're doing drugs,
you're doing drugs, it's not entrapment.
I think it's somebody who comes up to,
knows that you're not going to remember their name
and goes, hello, Dan.
Makes it a point to say your name.
Right?
Well, let's get...
I'm going to go one orbit beyond that.
Because what I want to say is like,
let's really break this down.
So let's say someone doesn't remember your name.
So how is that on them?
If you're a human being and you acknowledge that
memory of your name is somehow currency,
then aren't you the poor one?
Yeah, it's your fault.
You didn't make an impression.
Right.
And it's not...
That would be the way...
That's the way to flip it,
because those people push your shame button
and you go, oh, I should remember your name.
So then you want to flip it 180 degrees ago.
No, you're a piece of shit and you're unmemorable.
But like, somewhere in the middle there is just fucking reality.
Yeah.
Like, who cares?
Maybe I have a fucking illness.
Maybe I...
Maybe you...
Maybe you meet more people than the person who's complaining.
Maybe you look like my uncle.
Maybe my eye has a fucking like baby's finger in it.
Like maybe I'm in a Japanese horror movie
where I got baby fingers in my eye.
Baby fingers in the eye.
Maybe an asteroid passed through the fucking Earth's orbit
and like made a gas that only I'm allergic to
and that only I can sense.
It made me forget.
It doesn't matter.
Why does that matter?
When people drop their wallet on the floor,
which is as much like an accident as them not knowing your name,
nobody ever goes like...
Um...
Uh...
Save that jungle, man.
Save the jungle.
From the great white hunter of you having dropped your wallet.
Aren't you thankful you met me?
You're all stoked when someone drops their wallet.
Yes.
When they forget your name, you're like...
Ow!
Someone pooped their pants.
But you know that you don't really think that.
You know what you're thinking is,
uh-oh, I pooped the pants of memorability.
And it's like...
And here's the thing.
So this is why I've turned around on tattoos
and piercings and all that stuff.
Because I'm not saying like,
oh thank you and you're doing that for me,
so I remember who you are.
Your steel face or like, you know,
spider neck or whatever.
But these are people who...
Okay, so I used to think, I was like,
oh man, I don't trust you if you have tattoos.
This is me 20 years ago.
Everybody in the audience has fucking tattoos now.
And I love you all.
But I used to be like,
when they first started becoming like a thing,
and I was always like,
man, somebody's got like a tattoo
or like a thing through their face.
And all I see is like somebody that's like,
thinking like, oh, I don't know who I am.
They don't know who you are.
And I'm like, I'm gonna move to California.
That's who I am.
I'm gonna make everybody know who I am.
Everybody will know who I am
when I move to California.
But now, in this apoc...
You're being sarcastic the whole night.
No, I'm not.
No, no.
This is like...
Ed McMahon did this to Johnny.
No, no, no, no, no.
You never knew.
He could never nail him down.
He was just always over there going,
oh yeah.
What a great job.
Everybody.
I'm supporting.
And Johnny would go home and he'd go,
I know that fucking asshole is fucking...
I'm gonna catch him.
I'm on your side.
So at least if you...
We all wake up with that feeling.
Oh boy, I hope people remember me.
Oh, I just met...
I just ran into the sixth person this week
who it became clear like they had me confused
with someone else.
Like, I now told...
Like the person who takes that onto themself,
I'm not saying it makes them a better or worse person,
but like, at least they're...
Well, I am saying it makes them a better person
because they're pretending their own garden.
Like I'm not saying they should do what they do
and people are gonna be offended because they're gonna go,
I have a tattoo and guess what?
It's an expression of this.
You're saying that it's because I'm an incomplete person.
I'm not saying that.
I'm just saying like,
now when I see somebody who has something weird about them,
like a funny hat but at an angle
or like a bird on their shoulder.
Like one boot's big and the other one's like really small.
The small boot.
Or your name.
Your name is like Trisha,
but it's spelled with nine i's.
Yeah.
And one of them's an e, but it's called an i.
Now I'm like, oh, this is a person who is kind of saying like...
I'm meaning you halfway.
They're saying like, I'm making this my problem, not yours.
I don't know if it's true.
I don't know if it's not true,
but I'm doing something about it by myself.
I'm going down to the corner.
I'm going to say stick a needle in my face
and draw a scorpion on it
and like fucking like take some shit,
put it up my butt and give me a tail.
You're asking people to do that too?
No.
You just said I'm...
Okay, I lost you with the needle in the butt.
But I also started paying attention.
But the people who go like, you don't know my name, do you?
So just don't do that because you might have...
Don't do it.
It's like a social thing where you're like,
oh, I have leverage now.
You don't have leverage.
They're going to...
Everyone that you hope that would affect in your favor,
like that's exactly the person that's going to bum out the most.
Like the thing that it's like...
Always just always...
I always do this.
Like I just go like...
Just be the person that says,
if there's even 10% of a reason to be unsure,
just say, oh, Matt Dawson,
just in case you don't remember or something like that.
That's what I do.
I always say, you know,
hey, I don't know if you remember,
or even I don't know if you remember is kind of like sets them up.
But we'll figure it out.
But I do it from a point of,
I don't expect you to remember,
maybe because you probably have a busy day.
You have children.
You have a car.
You have shows that you watch with other names of characters
and stuff like that.
That's a lot to process.
So I'm saying, hey, hey, how you doing?
Oh, you remembered me.
Oh, bonus for me that you remembered me.
Oh.
So make that noise more often.
So here's the funny thing.
This Halloween, now watch for this.
So this is why I brought this all up.
Because Dino and I were talking about this.
We're talking about that topic.
And then we started talking about Halloween costumes.
And we started talking about the people who do like the puns.
Like the one that I really remember very clearly
was somebody in Milwaukee that was like,
he was like pitching somebody their Halloween costume
in front of me.
And I was just like sitting there at the bar.
And he's like, this is what I'm going to do.
Paint myself blue, head to toe,
and look with a frame, like an empty frame.
I'm going to carry it around.
And I'm making you guess.
Gay or New England?
I just noticed.
Because I'm trying to do an actual impression of this guy.
And I'm like, wait, is he gay or is he from New England?
I was like, I'm going to have a painting frame.
And then tampons on strings just all around.
And then he waits.
He waits for the five second pause, which is what people do.
And they just, when they pitch you,
their fucking pun Halloween costumes.
And then he goes, Picasso's blue period.
And the, yeah.
Because what, and where in the world,
what dimension is anyone going to go like,
oh, God, I knew the words blue and period would be involved.
Because you painted yourself blue.
And then tampons are for periods.
Did that person ever follow through and make that costume?
I bet he didn't because he talked it out.
You don't see Woody Allen being like,
what if I did a drama?
He's like, tippy-tap, tap, tap.
He doesn't give a shit if the movie's good or bad.
He's like, now he's getting 90 movies.
So of course he has five great ones.
Obviously I have access to grind hair.
Ooh, here we go.
Shots fired.
So, okay.
So just give me a second.
Just let me say so for a second.
Just give me a second.
So this Halloween, so here's the thing.
So you're going to be walking around
and there's going to be, of course,
there's the usual amount of now aging kitty cats.
I think that's like a baby boomer thing right now.
Kitty cats.
Yeah, kitty cats, a sexy kitty cat.
Oh, okay.
Right.
And then there's that whole thing.
And then there's a lot of puns, a lot of pun people.
So pay attention to this, these pun people,
these pun costume people.
Because Dino was telling the story about how a guy came up
and he was wearing blue from the neck down
and then he had like a white cotton thing on top.
And this is the thing that happens at Halloween parties.
And he goes like, what do you think?
And Dino's like, oh, very scary.
And the guy goes, I'm a Q-tip.
And Dino's like, why aren't your shoes furry?
And why am I having this conversation
and why is this not Riddle Day?
And if it was, you're cheating like Bilbo Bag and saying,
what's in my pocket?
Like you're not doing a good, your fantasy is to be a Q-tip
and to have people go, ah, it's Q-tip.
Or is it, and underneath that Q-tip costume,
isn't there a guy who on Monday morning
at the water cooler is going to be saying,
you don't know my name, do you?
No.
It's the same fucking guy.
You just watch them.
And they're reptile people.
They go to Halloween and they go like,
they purposely make the shitty pun costume
and then they walk around and go,
because they can't take one day off
of being, of everyone else's fault,
of it being everyone else's fault that they're not memorable.
Halloween should be their fucking leg.
That should be their Achilles heel, baby,
because they get to be whoever they want.
And then it's their fault if you don't know them.
Because if they were, if they're Fred Flintstone
and you don't know, it's their fault.
They're hoping.
And I'm telling you, it's just as much their fault
that you don't know they're Bob Johnson.
364 days a year.
So they fucking check it out.
And they go like, they make the Fred Flintstone shirt
like kind of purple.
And they put the tire on their shoulder
so that they're like, I'm Fred Flintstone
after the OJ trials or something.
And it's like, you always think like,
oh, the joke didn't land.
No, reptile person.
Like, can't fuck a cold-blooded animal.
Can't fucking do it.
If you have to go, guess what I am,
you did it wrong.
Hey, yeah, you know, if you got to go,
ask me what I'm, what I am,
you did it wrong.
Oh, not just kind of wrong.
I mean, if you're...
If your idea of a seven-course meal
is a six-pack and a hot dog,
you might have a Halloween costume.
Here comes the phone.
Hello, driver's license?
Yeah, and I don't know if you people
are familiar with this problem,
but I haven't done my left hand on my phone yet.
Oh, man.
So I have to, it's just, it's a nightmare.
You got to bite that bullet.
I haven't scanned my left thumb yet.
You got to scan it, man.
I know.
It takes like two minutes.
The worst.
My hands are too sweaty for those things.
They don't read it.
I swear, if these people knew how we really lived,
it must be nice for them.
My thumbs are greasy from all those chips that I eat.
I eat a lot of chips.
All right, I don't have anything else to say.
Chips are delicious.
I have some chips before I came here.
All right, hey, so I think we'll do things in...
Hashtag Chips.
Why would you hashtag chips?
Oh, you have a gift for you?
Oh, you have a gift?
Yeah.
Okay.
Did you, is this a plant?
What happened?
What's going on?
Does this happen every show?
I should know about this stuff.
I'm controlling.
No, this is a world tour.
This is hot sauce.
People will fuck you up, man.
Oh, no.
You should stick it up your butt.
You should definitely stick it up your butt.
If you don't, you're using it wrong.
No, I also gave you some toothpicks.
So the whole point of the hot sauce...
It's got to be thick, then.
I can also come up and show you if you buy it.
All right, well, yeah, I mean, it would be weird
to not bring you up now.
This is the hottest hot sauce in the world.
What voice is coming out of the darkness?
Sit in this chair if you can.
Oh, damn, excuse me here.
There's a lot of hot sauce in the world with some toothpicks.
This is encouraging behavior that is going to snowball
for the rest of the show.
Yeah, if we're not careful, this show could lose it.
I've got the most poisonous poison in the world.
Here we go.
No, honestly, like...
What's next, beef jerky?
This honestly shows how easy it would be to poison people.
Yeah, I mean, yeah.
Yeah, look at it.
It looks like blood.
What's your name, young man?
My name is Garrett Harvey.
And are you 12 years old?
Well, he didn't say...
You know, I wish.
The important thing is he'll...
When I asked him his name, he didn't say
Garrett Jason Harvey or Garrett Lee Harvey.
He's only got two names, so this should be safe.
Well...
That age joke was a diss on us, not you.
You know that, right?
No, no, no, it's fine.
So...
He's probably so young.
He probably goes home and goes,
someone called me 11 again.
And he's back in Goldblum.
Mom!
Does this look 11?
So, pretty much...
And the two picks are what for?
They're for eating the hot sauce,
which I wouldn't recommend.
Oh, really?
Well, no, no, no.
Who just eats fucking hot sauce on a toothpick?
What?
What it is, is a...
You gotta put that shit on some chia...
You gotta get the chips out.
Where are the chips?
Get some chips on here.
Get some chips.
You put the hot sauce on a toothpick.
No, no, no.
What the fuck are you putting the hot sauce on a toothpick?
Who's got some chips?
Someone's got chips?
I think you should try it.
His reaction would actually be pretty fucking awesome.
Well, I don't...
The thing that's confusing to me about this,
and I don't want to be like a negative,
a negative Nelly or Slur thing, but it just seems like...
Well, of course...
You could bring battery acid up here,
and I was like...
Oh, that's very hot.
And then you're talking to me like,
oh, that hurts.
I'm not like an adrenaline junkie or a...
I don't...
That's not gonna get me drunk or...
If you have enough of it, maybe.
But it doesn't...
I mean, it's not...
It's not like jackass or anything.
No, no, no.
But it might make the show.
It might make the show.
Well, I mean, insult taken, but...
I hope to God, we don't get to that point, but...
If there's chips, if there's chips...
We got some chips!
Okay.
We got chips!
Okay, we got some chips.
Dan, we got chips.
I'll have some.
Dan will have some.
Okay.
Well, why don't you...
We can't show the label.
I'll do it with all of you.
You're gonna do it, too.
Why doesn't just he do it,
in case, you know, we have to do a show after this.
Right.
Now, these are potato chips.
They're not standard regulation chips.
Like, the possibility that this is great,
let's say it's one in four, but...
Out of a thousand.
The possibility of it going wrong,
the consequences of that are much, much more dire
than I think any possible...
Right.
I would say...
Is it just physical pain?
Yeah, no, it just hurts, and there's no milk,
so you'll drink water or something,
and then it'll hurt more, and it'll get worse.
Yeah.
Right.
Well, I'm as wide open, same as you,
but it's weird to just say no.
Hey, man.
I'm too trained for the theater.
I'm not gonna do it.
I already said yes!
We got the chips!
I'm too shaped for the show, man!
Got the hashtag chips right there in the cup!
Come on!
Yeah, just...
Make it alive.
So, you want to do the chips and not the toothpick,
because I'm offering you to just dip the tip of the toothpick
and just put it in your mouth.
Why would you...
See, if he's...
I'm offering you an easy way out.
How do you eat it?
Dip the toothpick.
Okay, see...
For fun?
It doesn't make any sense.
You're an insane person, then.
Like, why are you...
You're like a cone head.
You're like Mark from Orc.
What the hell?
Are you...
Put it on some chips!
Okay!
But...
Why do you put hot sauce on a toothpick?
But it's not food, Rob.
It's not even a kind of...
He's going to hurt us really bad to the point where he doesn't even eat it on a chip.
I'll do it.
You'll eat it on a chip.
Let's see that.
Okay, but we got to do it all at the same time.
This is the worst...
I hope you're proud of yourself, young man.
Like, I mean...
I'm doing this specifically because my sister listens to the podcast
and she told me not to embarrass her.
What?
Yeah.
Ow!
Who makes the hottest hot sauce ever?
It's called Satan's Blood, so probably Satan.
Ask a stupid question.
No, I don't...
Let's just...
It's called Satan's Blood.
What do you do?
You just hang out and you just dip toothpicks in Satan's Blood.
I mean, don't pour it on.
Wipe the toothpick on it.
I mean, you...
The joke is up.
You might as well come up here with a stapler and go put this through your nuts
and we're like, why would I do that?
And then it's like, okay, here we go.
Here, you freaking amount.
I mean...
I don't want that chip.
Give that chip to Spencer.
I'm not touching none of that.
All right, so, I mean...
Don't wait.
I just don't know how it'll work on the chip.
What, are you a foodie now?
I don't know!
You should really have white wine and fish with this.
Right, right, right.
It's just acid.
It's just a hurtful acid.
Look at him shake.
This is some hot sauce.
Well, because he's like, gee, I hope I'm not...
What if I kill both of them?
I hope I didn't...
Yeah, we're gonna like shit our pants and die.
Yes.
I mean, it's just...
So, again, I mean, I wouldn't recommend this at all.
Like, it's not a joke.
Yeah, you're right.
We shouldn't do it right now.
Why don't we just didn't do it right now?
Just think about the hottest hot sauce you've ever had.
My tongue will swell.
This is a lot hotter than any of that.
My tongue will swell?
It could...
Any number of terrible things may happen.
But all that could happen, and that's good, is maybe it'll be kind of entertaining for
five minutes or so.
I just don't think the math works out.
Okay, I totally agree with you.
Wait!
Absolutely 100% agree with you, but there's no choice.
It's like, can you go going up to the...
You're saying no?
I'd be a hero if I didn't do it.
All right, go ahead. They're saying no.
They're saying no.
No, they would be disappointed in me for doing that.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
So, just walk me through this.
Like, it's a Friday afternoon, and you're like, hey, man, let's skip class and stick...
Two picks in the hot...
It's Satan's blood, and just like, have a good time, man.
I honestly...
It's for a laugh factor, so you just give it to people who've never had it before.
Just be like, hey, this is what you expect from the group.
All right.
We're going to fuck with you.
All right, let's all have a hand for...
I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it.
It's like a hand buzzer in your mouth.
I'm not gonna...
It's not even temporary.
Like, Spencer, he's saying your tongue could swell up.
It could.
They said don't do it.
Okay, I'm gonna hold onto it.
If the show starts dying, I'm gonna eat it.
Okay.
Yeah, mine's right here.
Okay, if it comes down to that, then we'll do it.
Sounds good.
The rest of this is for you.
Okay, thank you.
Terrific.
Now, we fuck off, ladies.
We'll do that.
We got a lot of guests tonight.
That's the thing.
Some of them are aneurysm survivors, not to make you feel too guilty.
Kind of a letdown.
Do with that information what you will.
Well, Schrab could do it.
That's fine if Schrab doesn't.
I'm gonna wait.
You're saying it was a letdown and I didn't eat the chipper.
There's a letdown that he...
I'm so happy.
That his food turned out to be a practical joke.
What are you saying?
Yes.
All right.
We gotta move on.
Can we move the fuck on with the fucking show?
Schrab.
Because I got a lot of shit to do tonight.
A lot of shit.
All right.
Hey, I'm gonna yell at me.
I've had it with you.
I know.
Let's bring out both...
Wait, wait.
Hold on.
I'm gonna figure out what order to do this in.
Because we gotta check...
Do it in the right order.
I'm trying to...
Well, I'm trying to figure out what that is.
Mmm.
That fucking hot sauce guy.
Now we have him to blame for the whole night.
That's what's nice about it.
I liked what happened.
You liked what happened?
Yeah, I know.
It's not a popular opinion.
Well, it was sort of a defiance of the usual dynamic that I was struggling with.
I was like, well, this is like Evil Knievel goes up to the Grand Canyon and then turns around.
But like, how entertaining is it that he just goes over the Grand Canyon?
And then he's like, oh, I broke my leg.
And it's like, what's wrong with our society?
Evil Knievel was a stuntman from 2,000 years ago.
For anybody who doesn't know what Dan is talking about.
In case you thought he was an accountant.
I don't know.
Hey, he didn't name himself Evil Knievel because he thought, oh, I only want to be famous in 1975.
He's like, they're gonna remember this name.
Even if they don't, they're gonna know what I do from it.
Right.
Evil Knievel.
I'm gonna evil all the Knievels.
All right, let's bring out both at the same time because they both belong to the same family.
We talked to Felicia Day last week and these are two good friends of hers.
They've both done stuff for geek and sundry if you're a geek sundering around there.
But they're just two folks that I've always wanted to have a chat with.
Let's bring out In Order of Gender.
Don't fuck this up, Dan.
Don't fuck this up.
Oh, Jesus, God.
The chip's like breaking glass.
He's just gonna pop it in his mouth and start screaming.
I'll do it for you, man.
In Order of Gender descending.
Oh, God.
What?
You don't know who I'm bringing up first.
How is that an O?
Oh, because I'm pitting the genders against each other.
Yeah, you can't do that anymore.
In Order of Gender randomly.
And also, while recognizing that either one of them at any given time,
we do not have the right to know what's going on in either of their pants or their brains.
True.
And gender shouldn't be a thing.
Why?
I did it!
Legalize it!
Legalize lack of gender?
Yep.
This guy, when you tried to do the butter, he was like,
He went like that, and then I said,
sorry, and he went, oh, you're good.
And I was like, well, you're not then.
You're not good.
I don't want to.
Because I thought maybe he was like, I'm in pain.
Stop.
No.
But he's just like, no, I'm terrible at your stage dive.
I don't want to.
I don't want to do it.
I wouldn't know how to participate in a stage dive.
I've only done one.
And I mean...
He's too far back, though.
That's a problem.
Too far back!
Is that Dave Kline?
Oh, Dave Kline's here.
I bet Dave Kline would have you.
For dinner.
He's Dracula.
You guys reacted like that was just a Dracula joke.
All right.
God damn it.
Let's bring out our fucking guests.
You're the host.
I can't help it.
Did you get control of your own show?
I have no idea where the vaginas and penises are
on either of them.
Say both at the same time.
One's a writer.
One's a...
I might offend one of them that way, too.
I don't...
They're just nerds doing what we do.
They're part of our family.
Let's bring out randomly...
Amy Berg and Will Wheaton.
I hope you guys like chips.
I'm so glad you didn't eat that.
Oh, good.
That's great.
Thank you.
Well, you're going to waste our night, man.
So what's the worst you've ever seen?
You'd be crying.
You'd have to go to the bathroom.
Really?
Yeah, you'd be sobbing.
So they have stuff they make that's like...
That's what that is, literally.
You would be getting blood for like four hours.
I just...
Okay.
I mean, I don't want the kids.
Food that's based on a dare.
Just go have dim sum.
So I kept trying to say,
I'm not that kind of show kid.
And he's like,
I'm like, your sister told you don't embarrass her.
And he's like, but she's my sister.
This is the telekinetic conversation.
Yeah.
Telekinetic.
We've moved each other's eyebrows.
So anyways, so last couple of weeks I've had authors on
who have books that I've read before the thing.
And then I walked through the entire book.
And some people enjoy it and some people don't.
But I just wanted to like,
we could just hang out, right?
Because I researched your guys' shit today
and I'm excited because of that to talk to you guys.
But I'm hoping we can...
I want to hang out and talk nonsense,
hopefully, for most of the time.
Why did I say that?
What are you supposed to do?
No, I want to talk about...
I'd like to talk about the series issues.
Or the book I...
I prefer sense.
But also the thing is,
I don't know where to start because we have...
Because there's another friend I want to bring up here tonight.
I want to check in with him.
And I'm trying to figure out...
I'm not talking about my dick or anything.
Is that why you...
Oh.
Where are they laughing at?
My hair went up in the air?
The maybe.
That's...
It looked good.
That's their deal breaker with my hair?
This is the first...
Yo, Dan's hair looked like shit tonight.
It's like he doesn't know how to take care of himself.
I just couldn't get into the show.
I couldn't get past that.
I come here from Burbank to...
to see a guy whose hair looks good.
Yeah.
All the time.
I wanted to see somebody with bad hair.
I wouldn't have gone to the Hollywood Bowl tonight.
Oh.
Ooh, Hollywood Bowl.
Van Halen.
Ooh.
These guys, I don't understand them ever.
Almost ever.
Ooh, the Hollywood Bowl.
But they were really helpful about the chip.
They were very protective and helpful with the hot sauce.
Yeah.
You guys were looking out.
But then you say something like Hollywood Bowl and they're like racist.
I know.
It's terrible.
Well...
Ooh.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I'm assuming with the best of intentions.
I think they're good kids.
I think they're going to make a great society.
Yeah.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry about the earth burning to a cinder when you're 38.
Good luck.
Seriously, millennials, learn how to swim.
It is a skill you're going to.
Also, yeah.
And you know what?
Forget the apostrophe thing.
I've been on you for 20 years.
Just forget it at this point.
You're...
Who cares?
We are going to die.
It doesn't matter anymore.
I'm not mad at you anymore.
Who cares?
Don't learn to spell.
It would be wasting your time at this point.
You'd be wasting your time.
Just keep...
So Amy Berg, like a no-necessary order.
Here's the random things I want to talk to you guys about.
Amy is working on this show right now.
It's not on yet at all.
As you said, you were doing a 10-episode order and then they're going to air it later.
So I'm assuming this is like some new media thing.
Like this isn't CBS.
No, it's stars.
It's premium cable.
Stars, okay.
Premium cable.
Woo!
Ooh la la!
Ow!
That means we can have sexy time.
And swearing, which is more important to me.
But they killed Party Down.
They're the worst ever.
Yay!
Also my favorite.
Racist.
What star slogan?
What stars?
Where the...
Watch...
Watch us.
Cause we're...
There.
And we're bright.
At night.
We put the Z in movies.
I like it.
I'll watch them.
Their slogan is because you wouldn't watch writers.
And they just have a picture of us, me and Amy, like with potato chips in our hands.
Because who wants to watch writers?
Right.
And then it pans to me and they're like, no, we don't want to watch hit.
What stars?
Do we get HBO?
Anyways, this show you're working on, I was so excited you just described it.
J.K. Simmons, who's like I've loved since Law and Order.
Since Law and Order?
That's your J.K. reference?
What is he before that?
Spider-Man.
Who's Oz, which is an awesome show.
No, that's after Law and Order though, isn't it?
Well, that's true.
Yeah, so I'm OG.
I got so scared I was going to find out he was Butch Cassidy.
No, I could have sworn there was Paul Newman.
I thought I was going to get really like shamed for, you know.
But no, I'm clearly the superior J.K. Simmons fan.
I was like, who's that guy that they're going to?
I hope this person's mentally ill, or at least there's a question of it.
Because he would play the, because that means we get to see that guy.
Emil Skoda was his character's name, then I saw him in Juno and I was like, I like that guy again.
I hope he's in all of stuff and then he was.
That's me.
So he, we can talk about the show, right?
You said it, it's called Point of Departure, Counterparts, Counterparts.
Counterpart.
Yes.
It's about a split universe, but the universe knows it's split.
It's like parallel timelines that shared one history, but they actively split and they know they split.
So J.K. Simmons is playing two different versions of himself and it's like a spy Cold War thing going back.
Yeah.
That's my audience.
Just in case somebody wasn't paying attention, maybe repeat that.
Just in case.
No, their reaction made you think that you should, you should have missed it.
See, that's what happens when you...
I don't know why I'm in this conversation.
You described it better than I could have, I think.
That's pretty great.
This is what I do.
That's how I interview people.
It sounds like a really fucking cool show.
I bring them out and I go, your book's about autism.
And they go, it is.
And I'm like, ginkabugabugabugaboo.
Let's have a hand.
I'm getting a little sick of myself lately.
Well, I mean, anything else to say about it?
You guys are working on it.
Do you think it's good?
You can't say otherwise.
No, it's actually really good.
There's a genre that they've invented for the show called spy-fi.
I'll take it.
I like it.
No.
No, no, no.
You will take it, will we?
No, listen.
I love the genre.
I love the idea of the genre.
That name is way too cute.
I'm not okay with that.
How is it spelled?
The show is not cute.
Well, the why aren't I spy-fi?
Yeah, exactly.
Good question.
Do you know?
It's who fucking knows.
Okay.
Well, we're going to find out.
It's going to start out spelled the right way.
And then right around the time you really get into it,
they're going to change the spelling of it.
And then all the content is just going to go to hell.
You mean like those fucking Berenstein bears?
Like the Berenstein bears.
Exactly like them.
Will, have I ever told you about that?
Yeah.
No, Will was just going on about that.
You guys all know about it.
I've been, I swear to God, five years before this hit the internet,
I was like, you guys, they changed the names on the bears.
And then like now, you know, no one cared or believed me.
But now, now fucking everyone's on that goddamn Berenstein bears trap.
You are like the hipster of Berenstein bears.
Yeah.
Are you, are you, are you being like a reality blurring event hipster?
I was there before reality blurred and, you know,
no one believed it was blurred.
Yeah.
But that's the whole point.
We were all there before reality blurred.
Which is why we all remember the name being the right way.
And we know that it's not the way it is now.
Do you guys know what this Berenstein bears thing is?
All right.
Then I don't have to explain.
You can Google it.
Another thing you should.
Your name changed.
Okay.
Continue.
Another thing you should goggle is Will's show.
Goggle.
What are you saying?
It's pronounced goggle.
It always has.
I could have done that for an hour.
But I'm not that confident.
The, but, but, but at Geek and Sundry is, is your thing,
because I know you did that show Caper.
I watched an episode of that today for, for,
and Fleece Executive Produce,
because that was on Geek and Sundry and Hulu at the same time,
because you guys had to deal with Hulu.
And is Tabletop on Hulu as well?
I don't know.
I think it, you know, I think we talked to them about it.
I know it's on Netflix, but I don't know if it's on Hulu,
but I do know that it has a huge audience on the pirate bay,
which I think is awesome because it lets me know that,
like, there's a lot of people that want to watch this,
that for whatever reason,
I don't know YouTube is blocked in their country or something.
Oh, yeah.
That's the geo blocking thing is like explains a lot of the piracy,
because it's like people don't want to watch a pro commercial,
you know, but I just, I think it's cool.
I think like, like when, when there is,
when there's an audience demand for a show that isn't being
served in some way and the audience is like,
give us the show.
I mean, like, I love that.
Of course.
That's what I mean.
It's like, yeah, how do you feel about piracy?
Well, we're supposed to be making things that are basically free
and addictive and we're like, we're going to get offended that,
yeah, it's dumb.
I view piracy as a failure on behalf of the industry
to serve the needs of the audience.
Of course.
And they would, too, if they knew how to serve them,
because then they could charge them.
Like, like, we were, you know, oh God, MP3 technology.
Oh my God.
And then iTunes is like, no, that means now you can listen to music
more than ever for a dollar.
And everyone's like, that's fine.
And Apple's like, we have a billion dollars.
And everyone's like, that's fine, too.
Music industry saved.
Go, go, go.
Sorry, we wasted 15 years of your life taking it to the Supreme Court,
like we did with cassette tapes before that.
Well, home taping is killing music.
I've seen the tape.
But anyways, the, the, but you're, the show, Tabletop,
like I, I'm like, you turned me around on something.
It took somebody as passionate as you,
because there has been this revolution.
As you say in the show, like once upon a time,
there was this thing called D&D.
And we, like people of our generation were like, oh,
the, like the pencils and the dice and the complicated rules
and the million books.
And, and like just the, the Harry Potter,
but more complicated of it all.
That's the secret society of it.
Like the fact that it was the opposite of football,
to, including the fact that if you talked about it in front of other people,
they would, they would actually actively like back up from you.
And that was kind of like part of the appeal.
And, and,
You have completely described my childhood.
Me too.
Yeah.
It was, it was like, it was sort of, I mean, it's the same thing.
That's what kids do.
If they're going to be exceptional,
they have to practice being exceptional in school
while the other kids practice being part of a horrible mindless hoard.
And, and, and they end up doing great because everything is for them.
And not a tear in my eye for them.
But, but, but, but every, the rest of us,
and sometimes it seems like the majority of us,
like we're also practicing in that grade.
And we have to practice like fucking not giving a shit.
And so we, we, this is not my point.
Your point was like that people like me,
I'm one of these people that you were kind of talking about
between the lines is like a purist who therefore,
when I hear the word tabletop, I'm like,
you mean like ever since magic, the gathering,
I think was the sort of beginning of it for me.
My experience was like, wait.
That's a fine game.
Well, I mean, that's a look.
What do you, yes.
Okay.
What the hell am I in the middle of saying that I was wrong?
That it was, but it was like, oh, it's cards,
but instead of the thing, you know, it's like,
somehow it was wrong.
But then, so he does this show called tabletop where he like,
he just like is just very, very enthusiastic about the million
types of games that are sort of like they're,
they're halfway between those things that we used to play
that are really complicated and things that we remember
from, from our other half of our childhood,
like Monopoly and like when mom and dad weren't fighting,
like the, the shoots and ladders and, you know,
like, like, like the board, there's, there's something
between this, this new era of these thousands of games
somewhere between board game and, and, and role playing.
It is weird to play ants in the pants without the sound
of dishes breaking kitchen.
That is a, that is a strange experience for me.
You know, when Felicia asked me if I wanted to do a show
for Geek and Sundry, I said yes because she's,
everything that she's done has been really smart
and really interesting and, and I love the idea of
being able to create and produce in a medium where
I wasn't going to be answering to like a network douchebag
who didn't understand the audience.
I did that when I worked with sci-fi.
But, but with, with, with this show she said,
so what do you want to do?
And I said, you know, I don't know, I want to do something
but I don't know what.
And she said, well, how about a show where you review,
get board games.
I know how much you love board games.
And I said, you know, I think honestly the best way
to review a board game is to just play the board game
and show people how much fun it is and oh, and the,
the idea like exploded in my brain.
Like it all came together all at once.
I will be the first person to say on paper that sounds
like a really terrible idea.
Like, like, you literally play a game with your family
for two episodes.
Like it's your family.
Yes.
That just sounds like, not really sure where you're going
with that.
You know exactly where I'm going because you know how
that sounds on paper.
Yeah, but my family's red.
I know it turns out, but it turns out.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't put my family on my show
if they were lame.
I'd be like, sorry guys, I'm going to hire some actors
to be my family who are lame.
Did you, did you adopt from, from, from Asgard
or something?
Your children are, you're both, you're,
you have two boys at that table.
They both are nine feet tall.
They, they, they look like, they both look like Thor.
Yeah.
In fact, my son Nolan's in Germany right now
and people keep coming up to him and taking pictures
with him because they're like Thor, Thor, Thor.
You know, Dave, Dave Kline likes that.
He's descended from Thor as well.
It's interesting that you say it sounds like a bad idea
because I thought that the success of a show like
Celebrity Poker and, and the success of just shows
where you like watch people, you know,
you watch people play cards and stuff, I thought,
well, this is something that I'm super passionate about
and what's going to make this show live is not
what's happening on the table.
It's what's happening with the people around the table.
Right.
And I was a huge fan of Dinner for Five and I wanted
to like put together those two shows and,
and have people come in and do, you know,
and, and, and just play these games that I love.
Well, it works really well.
It works, one of the things that makes it work really well
is that you, you played this game Dread,
which is like this, this indie game that is a stack
of things you can't call Jenga.
Yeah.
But like, and it's similar to, but legally distinctly
different from, from Jenga.
It's just a collaborative storytelling game where
you were walking through players through this scenario
and they were like role playing and they had their
characters figured out, which were figured out by
questionnaires, like psychological profiles that
you answer for a fictional character that you make up.
Yeah.
And, and then you're just going through it and
instead of rolling dice, you pull, it sounds a little
dumb, but it's like, it works like as a storytelling
thing. It's like as, as, at key points of the story,
you have to like keep pulling these Jenga blocks out.
Yeah.
And then as, as the story becomes more intense and
as the stakes get higher and higher and the players
are more like their adrenaline is up, the tower is
becoming more and more unstable because you're
pulling blocks out of it.
And when the bottom of the tower falls, the player
pulling from it dies.
Right.
Like that's it.
You're dead.
And as an actual narrative, it is, it is.
It's a great metaphor.
It's inevitable.
If you're in a movie, you know that this can't last.
Otherwise it would be a bad movie.
Like this camping trip, someone's going to die.
And so you can, and when you're in a really scary
situation, that's what scares you.
You feel like something's going to happen.
That was one of my favorite episodes we've done in
three seasons.
And I'm really, it means a lot to me though.
I'm really glad that you liked it because I wanted
to do a thing that was about storytelling.
Right.
And because I wanted to, that's because your, your
skills as a GM, I thought were astounding in that,
in that thing when you watch it.
Like your ability to actually, your, your, your,
your tonality and your pacing and your like making a,
it just felt, and then the thing I thought was,
holy shit, we got to, we got to play something with Will.
And it's like, oh, he'll play Shadowrun with us and Amy
will play with us and stuff.
But, but also then I thought like the, of this game
Werewolf that we always played, that Justin Reiland
introduced me to with this stupid deck thing.
What are you, you don't like, now you don't like Justin?
No, I love Justin.
Were you thinking about, were you thinking about
the Hollywood Bowl again?
No, no, no.
All right, I'm going to try it.
Pulling out cards, we're going to play a game.
It's talk to Amy Berg about writing science fiction
for, for while I write a W on one of these pieces of paper.
Hi.
So tell us about your science fiction.
Wow.
It's very, it has a lot of science in it, and it's made up.
It's pretty great.
Awesome.
You know what, there's people here for this.
Someone do this.
Here, I'm throwing this one away.
We just got started, Dan.
One, two, three, four, five.
DeMorge wasn't here, right?
I don't see, DeMorge wasn't here?
No?
Okay.
All right.
I need, I need to, hey, Steve Levy, come out here.
Yeah.
Wow.
If Jeff were here, he'd say, and the crowd goes mild.
All right, so first thing I need is for somebody to write
one, two, three, four, five, six.
He's asking you to do stuff.
No, he's up here playing with us.
He's playing?
Yeah.
I need somebody to turn this wad of envelopes and this pen into six identical sheets of
paper, five of which have a, oh, God damn it.
What?
I'm gonna do it.
What's that?
Yeah.
Like five of them will have a V on them, and one of them will have a W on it.
It's just, it's that simple.
Christ.
What are you, what are you doing?
What are you doing right now?
What are you doing?
I'm talking under my breath.
No, you're not.
You're talking on microphone.
I know.
It's the opposite of breath.
Your breath is ruining the world.
It's above, it's above my breath then.
Your attitude is, is discouraging and disappointing.
I like it.
And you know, I came here tonight with a good attitude.
Your attitude is great.
This game fucking sucks.
You like this game?
No, I don't.
You just check out what you're doing.
I fucking hate this game.
You just always lose.
I'd rather play baseball than this shit.
You go play baseball.
You play fucking baseball.
Does anybody have a copy of ants in the pants?
I feel like I should be playing it right now.
This is the reason why I don't like games.
Somebody, somebody just ignore him.
Never.
Six sheets of paper.
Somebody, God damn it.
Five of them have a V.
One of them has a W.
Don't fuck around.
I know those are similar letters.
It's not going to be,
your joke's not going to land if there's a confusion.
We might have a good time.
You're in charge, Dustin, you're in charge.
Because I'm going to GM,
even though Will would do a much better job.
No, I'm awful at running.
Game master.
I'm so much better, you're going to see.
So, so, what, Dustin, when I cue you.
I don't want to play.
How do we know, wait, wait, wait,
how do we know who's looking at who
when it comes time to kill people?
Because we're all standing in a line.
We got to stand to?
To play werewolf.
Shut up, nobody has to see you but me.
Nobody's asking for any of your input on any of this.
You guys are pissing me off.
I'm going to fucking like,
I'm going to dig a hole and stick you all in it.
And call it a tabletop game called,
fuck the fuck faces.
Like, what the fuck?
You're going to dig a hole.
You two want to talk about it.
Steve Levy, he's going to dig a hole.
You guys want to talk about hang gliding?
You dumb pieces of shit.
The fuck do you want to do?
It's my goddamn show.
We're going to play fucking werewolf.
All right.
And you're making it longer.
All right, stop yelling.
Then it would have to be.
Stop yelling.
You're hurting his feelings.
He's already finished.
All right, so anyways, let's have some fun.
And if it doesn't work, Spencer, I tried something.
I just want to troubleshoot, you know.
You shoot yourself, not trouble.
Avoid the problem when it comes up.
You're mad because you see what's happening.
I'm threatening you.
I'm not mad.
I'm not going to turn this into a whole thing.
I'm not going to become a Game Master professionally.
You're going to become a GM.
It's going to work.
And I made up my mind about something, and I'm at a very volatile point in my life.
And Will Wheaton's here, and you guys are fucking around.
And that V looks a lot like a fucking W.
He's looking at the cards.
He's always cheating.
He's a GM.
It's fine.
I'm cheating.
I know that I'm going to fucking murder.
This is why I never win, because he cheats all the time.
Yeah, because look at the card.
I'm going to hold them close to my chest.
You're not even looking.
All right, so Dustin, do you have scary music, like creepy ambient music?
Oh, yeah.
Get ready for some scary music.
I don't suppose you also have kind of nice world of common day music.
And we could go back between the two, like when I cue you.
It'd be really cool if we had Castlevania songs.
You'd have the day and the night.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
Castlevania.
You could take a second to fight.
Has anybody in this room gotten to the last level of Castlevania?
No, man.
Right?
Like, you can't even get past the level with the Medusa heads, right?
With the stairs?
Fuck those guys.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's awful, and it's so hard.
What is he doing?
What's he doing?
He's handing out the things.
He's going through with this.
Okay, nobody look at these.
I mean, you can look at them, but don't look at them.
Don't show them to other people.
Don't let them, sir.
Don't cheat.
So you either have a V or a W.
If you have a W, you're the werewolf.
And so everything else is basically kind of a self-explanatory.
You gave me two.
Well, you could pick which one you want.
What do you mean?
Does one have a V and one has a W?
No, one's blank and one has a W.
I solved the problem.
They both have letters on them.
Okay.
Pick the one you want.
Start over.
No, no, we're good.
We're good.
You guys are doing this on purpose.
I'm good.
You're not good.
You can't do it that way.
Steve's good.
No, he's not good.
No, give me your papers back.
Give them back.
It has the same letter.
We're going to have fucking fun tonight.
Give me your papers back.
Give me your shit, give them back.
I'm having a ball.
Piece of shit.
You were a villager.
Yeah, no, I was.
I knew it.
Who is the werewolf?
I think it was Amy Bird.
Oh, who is the werewolf?
Shut up.
That's my guess.
Oh, no.
I'm angry with all of you.
Spencer was right about that.
Yeah, no, I know.
I'm really sorry.
Who is the werewolf?
I tweeted Will about this.
I was like, what if we played werewolf?
I was so excited.
And he's like, I don't know if that'll work.
And I was like, fuck you, Will Wheaton.
Fuck you.
Two.
You don't know anything about gaming?
I was a little taken aback by the use of all caps.
And the emojis were very intense.
The black Santa means I'm kidding.
I really wish I'd known that six hours ago.
You guys are texting each other.
Yeah, no, I'm going to text you instead.
Maybe if you had more fun playing games, you could get in on this.
God damn it.
Thank you, sir.
Never returns my shit texts.
Make it real discreet.
God forbid this was done wrong.
All right.
I counted too many.
That's what happened.
That's not a werewolf.
We did it.
Okay.
Have a good night, everybody.
So here we go.
We're just going to play.
You know how to play.
You guys know.
You guys know what's going on.
Is this a scary music?
This is ordinary.
You know stories don't start scary, Amy Berg.
You know it starts with the nice version of J.K. Simmons hanging out in his village where we begin our story.
It's a village of happy town where everyone makes their own corn and hangs out and likes each other.
And people who know each other for 20 years treat each other with respect.
They overcome their compulsions for irony and pettiness.
And they remember that the town is what's important.
You're going to eat that chip.
Are we in a neighboring village?
However...
There's a darkness to every town.
A sinister underbelly which kind of sounds like a more of a relaxing quit smoking tape.
But...
Which is really sinister if you don't want to quit smoking because you feel like you have to.
A part of the town where cravings no longer exist.
Where self-confidence is heightened the following day at work.
Through the use of dark magics.
And one of the most horrific symptoms of this dark underbelly.
The insatiable bloodthirsty lycanthrope.
Otherwise known as the werewolf.
Werewolf?
Here, wolf.
Here in the town of happy town.
One of these villagers up here is not just a villager.
One of you is a fucking monster.
But during the day you walk around and you hang out and you act like friends.
And then at night you turn into dickheads.
Monsters.
Monster dickheads.
Because it's not enough.
Everything's going to be eaten and destroyed.
What do I do in this town?
Watch everyone to go to sleep.
That means you close your eyes.
Everyone up here close your eyes.
Am I married?
Lower the lights.
Close the eyes.
Hang your heads down.
All of you hang your heads down.
Do not be in a position where you would be able to see what any of the other people are doing.
Don't be dicks about this.
Do not fuck me on this.
This is a fun game and you're going to have fun and you're going to eat shit and die.
Lower the lights.
Just a little bit.
We're worried about the cameras.
Okay, I get it.
I get it.
I'm covering my eyes.
You're not talking when you sleep.
You're a villager and you're sleeping.
And you're all dreaming about corn and villaging.
But one of you isn't dreaming.
One of you spent his day dreaming that he or she was a man or a woman.
But that's a different issue that we're not going to tackle with this game because you
have a right to think whatever you want.
It's absolutely your own thing unless the government tries to step in the way and we'll
deal with that together and even the werewolves will help us at that point.
Because there are monsters out there that are scarier than werewolves called bigotry.
Have I said enough of that shit?
Can we move on?
Jesus Christ, I'm from the 70s.
Man meant person.
All right, so one of you is a werewolf.
One of you is a werewolf.
Will the person that is the werewolf very, very carefully indicate to me who you are
as your wolfy, wolfy, wolfiness.
This werewolf cannot be quenched by sleep.
This werewolf needs human flesh.
And we'll go out its window into the village and kill one of the villagers.
Who will it be, werewolf?
Oh, werewolf.
Okay.
Regular music, wake up, wake up everybody.
Oh, it's such a good day to eat some corn and hang out.
Because there's nothing wrong, society's going to keep going the same way it did.
Oh, wait, what the fuck?
Spencer's dead.
He's ripped open by the well and his blood is in the water.
Do I live next door to him?
Yes, I live next door to him.
So I open up the window and I see him ripped up.
It's not that much of a role-playing game.
Yes, that's what happens.
Am I close to him?
Spencer, did you do something important in the town?
Oh, yeah, I was, no, there was just villagers and werewolves.
All right, fade down the music a little.
Turns out I don't miss you then.
You guys have a serious problem because I'm the doctor of this town.
And I recognize this as werewolf bites.
That means that one of you is a werewolf.
And that means you've got to figure out, you've got to, before sundown, you've got to hang somebody.
You have to kill somebody that might be the werewolf.
Yes, Rob?
If he was bit, doesn't he turn into a werewolf?
He was bit all the way to death.
He was eaten.
It's not like a vampire.
It's not like a vampire, though.
Well, it is.
Except there's biting involved.
And sometimes you turn into the thing that bit you, but that's also...
I saw a thing once where a vampire turned into a werewolf.
Who's right? You or the movie I watched?
Why am I, why is it either of those?
Why do I have to be against this movie?
If a werewolf bit a vampire is immortal, then I would understand if a werewolf bit a vampire,
then obviously the vampire would turn into a werewolf vampire.
I have no quarrel with the writer of that.
Okay, okay, I just want clarification.
Roger Corbin says thank you.
I thought we were talking about underworld.
I'll take a side of that beckon sale for my...
I was going to do a word play.
I'll go take a...
Put some of those beckon sales on my boat.
They can blow me around.
50% off on that beckon sale.
Those sales are beckoning meh.
Blow, blow, blow, blow, blow.
All this week of beckon sale.
Figure out who's the werewolf.
I know the werewolf is.
You're fucking dead, shut up.
How do you think I know?
That's what I'm saying.
He's talking, you know, he seems alive.
Who do you think is the werewolf?
There's only four of you.
9-11.
It's 9-11.
Oh shit.
Which is the other answer.
I know, there are other things more important than werewolves.
Bigotry in 9-11.
We get it.
I feel like there was something I was supposed to remember about this.
Alright, who's the werewolf?
You guys are ruining the game by not guessing.
Why did you fucking look at me?
It would be amazing if it were you, Schrab.
It would be amazing.
I want to vote for you to be the werewolf just because it's poetically perfect.
Oh no, maybe Will Wheaton's the werewolf.
Oh, maybe I am the werewolf and I'm trying to throw suspicion off from me.
Yeah.
Or maybe you're the werewolf and you're trying to throw suspicion onto me.
Could be, but- You were the first one to look at me.
Me?
Yes.
I just love you.
Do you love him enough to eat him to death?
Like you ate Spencer to death?
You're pretty vocal.
Well, yeah.
I think Steve's getting really defensive right now so he's clearly the werewolf.
Oh man, you're going to be so wrong.
Alright, I don't know how the process should work.
I'm the kind of three everyone pointed who they think the werewolf is.
One, two, three.
Oh man.
Oh shit.
You guys dragged Steve Levy into the courtyard.
Oh, take off his pants, man.
And you take off his pants and you-
Take off that pants, man.
Scary music.
Yeah.
Low lights.
Take off his pants.
Make it all six in.
And you hang him.
Yeah.
You hang him and he dies.
Oh, we hang him.
But as he dies-
Oh, look at the pants are all-
He doesn't turn back into-
He doesn't turn into briefly into a werewolf
and then turn back into a person and say thank you,
which is what werewolves do when they die.
No.
He simply hangs there and dies.
And I, the doctor go up and I feel his foot and I go,
this guy was human.
Why did you feel his foot before we hung up?
Because you can't tell unless the foot is dead.
Why?
Are you a doctor?
You-
You hanged me.
Schrab.
Well, if I knew feeling the foot was an option,
we would have-
You can only do that after they're dead.
Now three villagers remain.
And one is a werewolf.
Close your eyes and go to sleep, villagers.
I'm not tired.
I want to wake because somebody just got fucking mauled and hung.
You think I'm gonna sleep in this shit?
Fuck that, man.
I'm just sleeping.
My eyes open.
Yeah, I'm with Rob.
Yeah, we're gonna stay up all night.
All right, fine.
Stay up all night.
Fine, stay up all night.
Okay.
Fine, that's what you do.
Yeah, silver bullet.
You stay up all night.
Silver bullet.
Turn the daylight music back on.
You stay up all night.
So obviously one of you is still a werewolf
that just stayed up all night with you.
And now you have to live tired with a werewolf all day again.
Shit, I gotta-
You sleep.
Now you're fucking tired.
And we can do that over and over all week.
You do it for a thousand years.
You don't sleep.
Eventually you sleep.
Everybody sleeps.
All right.
You're going to sleep.
Now put the scary music on.
All right.
We're gonna have fucking fun.
You're losing the audience.
I'm not losing.
That guy has to take a shit.
Okay.
Scary, scary fun.
Fun, scary music.
Uh-oh.
Batman.
Okay.
All right.
I want you to tell all your friends about me, he says.
Batman, we lost Batman.
Why did he do anything?
He's the first guy you'd lose in a nuanced thing.
Two people have died already.
Well, he can.
He's like, I'm gonna go do something about this.
Go to sleep.
Maybe Batman's the werewolf.
All right, I'm tired.
I gotta get up and work in the morning.
Go to sleep.
Close your eyes.
And hang your heads.
Oh, God.
If you don't like the game, the best way to finish it is to do it.
So fine.
Go to sleep.
It's very upset with all of you.
Except, I don't know, well, Will and Amy have been fine.
And Steve.
Really, it's Schrab, obviously.
And a little bit, Spencer, for egging you on.
I'm trying to help.
I don't...
Thank you for driving me around for two years.
I love it.
I'm trying to fucking sleep here.
Shut the fuck up.
All right.
You slept to sleep.
Yeah, Schrab slept us up all night last night.
It's fucked.
It's hard to sleep, even though you're tired.
So fucking tired of this game.
You know, there's no game.
You're in the game, so you don't know there's a game.
That would be unmarketable.
Oh, that canine thirst for blood.
Oh, that lupine hunger for the kibble
that cannot be provided by name brand products.
Oh, wherewolf awake and indicate to me
who you are going to eat next.
I think I understand.
All right, normal music and daylight.
You guys wake up.
I'm still fucking alive.
And you're still tired because you wasted that whole night
and it didn't help anything because now
I was strangled with typewriter ribbon
next to a half finished TV pilot
that would have been fucking great.
Oh, shit.
It could be me.
I could be a TV pilot writer.
Is it me?
Oh, shit.
We all know fully well the best writer up here
is Amy Burke.
Now slain by wherewolf.
Eaton.
Eaton devoured.
Her bones licked clean.
Yeah.
Your fault, kind of.
No.
How is it my fault?
Because you fucked around.
Instead of playing the game, which you now have to do,
it's a matter of life or death.
There is, wait.
Wait, how do you outvote each other?
There's two people.
Oh, you idiot.
You lost.
Well, Eaton's the werewolf.
Fuck you.
You lost.
And that's fun.
But the day.
That was a fun game.
I had a lot of fun playing that game.
Eat the chip if you hate everything so much.
No, I'm not going to eat the chip.
Yeah, everyone wants you to do it now.
Eat the chip.
Eat the chip, you pussy.
Now I'm not going to eat the chip.
I was going to wait for it to be really, really funny,
and now I'm not going to even wait.
Yeah, but it's Chekhov's chip, man.
He's right.
It's Chekhov's chip.
It's been there since the first act.
He read Chekhov's chip.
Rob loves reading.
That's why he loves me.
That's right.
Because you went to art school.
Right.
And I went to writing school.
You went to word school.
And I went to word school, and you went to art school.
Rob, when I met Rob, one of Rob's big pet peeves
was the word utensil, which he swore was invented
by smart people to make him feel stupid.
Writing utensil.
Well, yeah.
Because the word is utensil.
Excuse me, could I have a writing utensil?
Just say pencil.
Maybe you don't want a pencil.
Then say that.
But what if they're both there?
Then say what you want.
What if you don't know what to do?
What if you don't know what you want?
Maybe you want to be polite because you're talking
to someone who's not that smart.
Can I have a writing utensil?
OK.
All right.
Well, now, do you hate instrument just as much?
No.
I'm fine with that.
Writing instrument doesn't bother you?
No.
Writing utensil.
Could I have a writing utensil, please?
Just say pencil, dude.
I don't know.
I might be hashtag team Rob tonight.
Well, he's always more entertaining,
but it's because he's disruptive.
He waits until something's happening,
and then he disrupts it.
That's like a luxury for him.
You know, it's like, if you sit around, everybody.
Ah!
Yeah, must be nice having that job.
He's like Pizza Hut's Noid.
Was it Domino's?
Was the Noid from Domino's?
Do you know the reason why they stopped doing the Noid?
Because people didn't know?
No, no, no.
Does anybody know why?
Oh, yeah.
Do you know, sir?
Stand up and tell the Wikipedia.
I think there was a dude who's actually named Noid.
He was paranoid that Domino's was talking to him.
Right.
Yeah.
And he went into...
The guy said, for those who didn't hear it,
there was a guy whose name was Noid
who thought that Domino's was like fucking with him.
He was talking to him through the television,
so he went into a...
not a Pizza Hut, the other one.
With a machine gun, thank you.
And started killing people.
We have one fucking story in America
that doesn't end with someone taking a gun somewhere
and fucking murdering people.
I'm so fucking sick of this story.
Do you know there's one like...
What is it, 95 this year?
That's why we lost the Noid.
That's why we lost him?
Fuck that guy.
Yep.
I don't know.
The Noid was the one thing that couldn't possibly
have had anything to do with a mass shooting.
That's why you loved it.
You were like, this is safe.
Not anymore, apparently.
But how many is it this year, Steve?
How many school shootings?
Well, it was 45 school shootings.
In a year!
And now we're making fun of like, you know...
Not even, it's...
Jeb Bush didn't know what school we were talking about.
It's like, well, come on, it's getting to the fucking point
where the obscene thing is that it's hard to keep track.
It's a goddamn epidemic.
I don't know what my point is.
I'm not in a soapbox.
There's no one on the other side of this issue.
I mean, there are.
By the way, we'll have a conversation about that,
because I want to say, without...
obviously, not a gun nut, not a guy who's like...
and it's hard to get into this conversation
because everyone's hyper-vigilant
against which person are you.
But speaking as a person who just wants everyone
to stop dying and is absolutely fine
with any legislation we need to make happen,
whatever makes people feel fine,
because I've given up on this earth anyway.
It's not like I've got to make sure that Constitution
is upheld perfectly.
I don't give a fuck about you morons.
I'm not...
Fuck you.
I'm just kidding.
I love you, but...
I was given a hard time during that werewolf game
by all of you.
And just like...
I don't want any of you to get shot,
but I also don't care about your Constitution.
Okay, so...
We're focused on this legislative issue.
We're like...
Obviously, if you are a person who's been saying
for 30 years we need to mitigate this
legislatively every time one of these things
happens, obviously it's going to be
like a big fucking rage-full
moment, and obviously
if you're somebody that's always
worried that someone's going to come take their guns,
then you're going to play the other part
and all this stuff.
But just outside of that Heathcliff fight
with the claws going around,
like the...
Thank you, Will Wheaton.
I love that image so much.
The...
Hashtag in our rage.
Are we going to...
What are we going to do?
What is step two in a hypothetical universe
where we would say to all...
The guns are in circulation in the last 30 years.
Like, we're going to be all dead shot or not.
Like, we're all going to be dead before
legislation would stop the insanity.
There are more guns in America than there are
people.
Yeah, so...
So is there another step to this?
Or are we...
No, we're not ever going to do anything about it
because we sat by as a nation and allowed
a classroom full of six-year-olds to be
murdered and then would not
even at a legislative level
do the most fucking useless
thing that could possibly have been
reasonably passed.
We as a nation would know it's way more
important that we jerk off our guns
than our kids go to school without ever
having to worry about dying.
I go into a movie theater and wonder,
well, am I going to be another? I mean,
am I going to be on the news now?
Because fucking gun nuts, like,
have created this delusion in their life
that, like, the president is going to walk
up to their house and go, give me your guns
unless you have a lot of them.
Right.
It's insane.
But we know that
that's never going to happen because we're going to keep
sure, because it's like a football game where we just keep...
But it's almost like our Ouija board
or something where people want to just go like this.
I'm not saying that neither side wants a resolution,
but I am saying, like,
not only would you need to then
have one of those teams win,
but then also in addition
to that, you'd need definitely something else.
What is that something else? Does anyone
have a fucking idea?
Because, like, if you
make guns completely illegal
to the point where
the image of one
is banned
and everyone's home is
searched and you gather them all, there's still going to be
so many guns.
And is this
a mental health issue?
It goes so much beyond this, right?
Is it some kind of, like, national psyche thing?
Like, no one ever...
What the hell are we supposed to...
We're nuts. We're obviously
a million insane people collectively, right?
I'm so angry about it
that it's not possible for me to be rational.
I mean, I'm so
like, just blind rage,
fuck everyone who has a fucking assault rifle.
You're being more rational than I am,
because you're able to have the rationality
about the legislative thing,
at least to be able to look at that.
I'm being less rational because I'm going like,
Jesus fucking Christ, we're so fucked.
We're just so much
unlike any country in the world.
And when a presidential candidate
responds to a shooting
like the one we just had by saying,
stuff happens,
we are beyond fucked.
There's no way out.
So are we...
Isn't it the absolute only
solution you could possibly think of?
There's no economic solution,
there's no legislative issue.
First of all, you do background
checks, restrict who could get guns,
just make it a bit harder.
Any of that at all. I mean, there's not none of that.
But it's not good at all.
Second of all, stop the manufacture
of certain types of guns or new guns.
You don't have to take people's guns away.
You just stop new ones. Third of all,
you could do a trade-in program
offer cash for guns. It's proven to work.
You know, get more guns off the streets.
And I mean, a combination of those
options and then ratcheting them up,
that would work. It would just take
a lot of separate programs
working independently and together
to try to make it happen. And that's what's impossible.
People to pass any
of those legislative measures is impossible.
Yeah, no, I know. I'm saying that's how you do it.
Not how it will be done.
And do you think that's going to happen?
It's going to happen at a state level.
And it'll be like, you know,
anyone who thinks that it's a good
idea to vote for any of the people
in the GOP clown car,
have to only look at
what Brownback did to Kansas,
which is like
they're basically turned an American state
into Somalia. And they're
just like created this
libertarian paradise for businesses.
And it's ruined the economy for every other person
there. It's easily
like just all you have to do is look at
the numbers before Brownback was elected
and after. And you can't
just you can't deny the data.
And in counties and places
where there are more gun laws, there's fewer
gun deaths. So if you could do it
at a state level and then say like,
you know, it'd be great if it was California,
then there's, you know,
there's not as many gun deaths
or this is working.
Then you start to put pressure on
you know, candidates to get it to go.
But you still have one entire
half of the political
environment who refuses to accept
that global warming is a thing.
I mean, like it's
you know, like there, if
I was four looking at the moon,
you know, they would be like, well, we can't look at the moon
anymore.
Because lip tards, look at the moon.
Lip tards?
Oh, lip tards. Yeah.
Oh, lip tards. Oh, Jesus.
Okay. It's one of their more clever
lip tards.
I went to you.
They suck, right?
Do you think that
do you think the internet has made it has made this
this this political like this
by this bunch of lip tards
out there? Do you think we've become
worse or better? I guess we
I think it's both because we have so much
now it's just like you just anonymous
like I can't watch out. You can't watch a music
video with like underneath it.
It's just like people devolve into some
crazy heated fucking like
two party culture war
about something it doesn't necessarily
be it's not as like gun control underneath
a Madonna video, but it's like if unless she has
a gun in the video or like like Madonna
was an artist in the 80s.
She was
she was also an author did a great art
book about naked people called sex.
Yeah.
I wonder whatever happened to her.
But I guess it doesn't matter.
It's like because there's just as many
it's it's it's every every medium brings like
more good and more bad. It's just fucking like
I don't know what my point is. We got to get out of here.
We got to get I got to get back to making a
rocket ship. We're going to get out of here.
I'm going to talk to Elon Musk and see if you can do us a solid.
So I'm tired of waiting for
I can't I'm not going to come up with this shit.
They invited us from Geek and Sundry to go
have a tour of the SpaceX facility.
Yeah. So we're going like
in like yeah we're going in like I think it's like
a month from now I get to go and
actually why no right I'm very excited
and go see the whole thing.
Steve told me that the Tesla has
an Armageddon feature on it.
Yeah right it's got the like bio
it's something
an apocalypse button.
Just in case
you're in the apocalypse
what it does is it
makes the apocalypse happen.
No. Why do we have that?
If there's a zombie apocalypse
or if there's like a airborne virus
and it's like killing everybody off
I don't know why this is in the car
but you press the button and it
pressurizes the cabin of the car
so that no air from the outside can get in
and then it has a filter
that filters
the air from the outside and cleans it
so that you're safe.
It's an underwater button.
It's just going to be great to be in a car
with somebody on a road trip who's just
farting a lot.
It's going to be great to be in a car
in a guy's Tesla when the world ends
to that degree.
I'm sure you're going to be alive for the next hour
like oh everyone but me can breathe
like you're not going to be like
people are going to be applauding and waving at you
look at him he bought a Tesla good for him
my children are dying
I'm not going to figure out if that glass can break
I'm going to
I'd feel terrible he seems
like he's had a rough life
but he'll be alive for the next 300 miles
so that's
unless there's no internet don't those cars
not start if there's no internet
don't they need to like check in with the website
and
I don't know that maybe that's a myth I guess
if it has an apocalypse mode somebody
check to see if it can start without the internet
it's not like an electronic arts game
like
it's like
they're afraid you're going to copy the car
so that's like
there's a root kid in my Tesla
there's one other thing
I would talk about which is
this weird thing I noticed because
you've been around I've been to your Twitter buddy
for years and
what's that like
I just ignore him
it's illuminating actually
I know you're on his side tonight
but I'm a good person too
and
what's it like to kind of have your
identity like all of a sudden
you
writers are not pretentious people
you're even less so than me
I'm one of these assholes that's like
my name's Dan Harmon
as unpretentious people
all we have is our name
and your name has always been Amy Berg
the WGA has you registered as Amy Berg
and there's this director
now she's not
out of kindergarten but she just started
she just joined the DGA and now her name is Amy Berg
and she's just like Amy Berg
I saw you on Twitter going no I didn't
she makes movies
and you're like answering questions
well it would be awesome if all she did
was win awards
she tends to get into
trouble a lot and there's like
you know
like on the top of
all these websites that
everyone who would ever employ me
see like the name like
SAG-AFTRA I want to file suit against
Amy Berg and I'm like no it's not me
it's not me
but yeah she's a documentary
director and
she refuses to use her
middle initial like everyone else in the town
does when they have you know someone else
who has the same you know like P.T. Anderson
probably doesn't prefer to be called P.T.
but he has to because there's another Paul Anderson
but she
she's refused to and
you know because she doesn't technically have to
because it's the DGA and I didn't
even realize the DGA and the WGA
don't crossover like that
it's just that they have been automatically for 80 years
like no this is
the first time anyone's just been like fuck it
I don't care
which is I mean I don't want to throw
her under the bus I don't know if she's a good person
or bad person but I'm like holy shit
I'm sure she is a good person
you know it's problematic
because like there's a tension that falls
on me both positive and negative
that you know kind of sucks
and it's not my responsibility to tell
the audience that that's not me
that's her and
you know it's just a pain in the ass
what do we do
you should have
a boxing match
and you fight her should we egg her house
well you can't say it
it's too late oh yeah
well let's
I'm going to hand out six sheets of paper one has an egg on it
one of us is going to go egg her house
did you like it Rob when we
stopped playing where we started talking about gun control
did you like that yes I loved it
yeah you love politics don't you you little
piece of shit I'm not a piece of shit
you are a piece of shit I am not a piece of shit
you are you are a piece of shit no
no I'm not you're a piece of shit
I am not a piece of shit you're a piece of shit
I'm a really good person
I'm not
a piece of shit
I'm not a piece of shit
you're a piece of shit
you're a piece of
shit calling someone else a piece of shit it doesn't
mean anything a piece of shit could call licorice
candy and it doesn't matter yeah
you're licorice
I probably am
compared to you
everyone's licorice I'm pumpkin pie
man I don't know why they made that sound
pumpkin pie
pumpkin pie yeah because you're orange
and delicious and you get
cream on you every
October yep
and it keeps
serving you well
well into December and everyone knows
that it's old
it was in the fridge and they don't care
because it's still good your mom didn't mind
she came out of a can
that's right she didn't
mind how old my pie was
your mom didn't
so you
do you guys want to play shadow run with
we're gonna get sued
we're gonna get sued no we're not gonna get sued
why aren't we getting sued because we don't ever play
for more than 10 actual minutes no one cares
I will take all the heat
why wouldn't we get sued
just don't even talk about it
how could we get sued
tonight we're supposed
to play for 10 minutes
we're contractually obligated to play for 10 or less
minutes of a non fantasy role
let's just talk really slow
I'm starting now
aren't you proud of me this is responsible
of me I would be if we weren't
contractually obligated to play
we're gonna get distracted by a topic
as we hand out the character cheese
alright alright how is
your family I watched
them on on you know what playing
mice and mystic mice
what was it mouse and mystics mice and mystics
which seems like an interesting table
time game where's your wife seems like
like I saw like from what I've seen
it's like like where did you meet her
I met her because what you're actually saying
is she's way too
how did that happen
this is a thing that I wrestle with
all the time
it's possible what I was gonna say was worse than
that but that's not what I was gonna say
very very handsome
luminary and an intellect
I would I would assume that you would have a wife
that was like a
wish anything less for you than
an Amazonian statuesque
princess
with a body that never quits
you just described my wife
she is
the best part of being me
really she is
seriously
and I wrestle with it all the time
I feel like I got
not that hard Dan
he's making that personal
yeah it's weird like I have
imposter syndrome in like everything that I can do
and I like
I don't understand how I like have somehow
tricked her to stay with me for 20 years
but it's working
she's into those games
you know what's interesting is that
she doesn't like doesn't like all the games that I like
there's like some like really strategic games
that she has an example with
she doesn't like agricola
she doesn't like Puerto Rico
she doesn't like power grid
but she loves ticket to ride
and she loves blockus
and she really liked my mystics
even though she could not
remember how many dice she was supposed to roll
and when she was supposed to roll them
it's one of those weird things like when you were talking
about not remembering people's names
I have the same problem
and there's people that I've known for a really long time
but I know them situationally
and I don't know what their name is
and now it's too late to ask
I'm an asshole I've been like being like
hey man for like
that guy's been standing there behind that camera
for 12 years
and he's like he's always running
he runs the show
he's there running those cameras
hey we haven't met what's your name
I knew that
okay see there I just did you saw
thanks for standing there for 12 years
this is one of the great tricks
that my wife does
is I'll be like oh fuck I can't remember this guy's name
and she'll go hi I'm in what's your name
oh you got me you got it
I had a girlfriend that did that
and she and but I still I was so
I'd become so good at
masking
like I just have these like
you know I just living that life my whole life
so when I see people I'm just always
I'm not saying like I'm a
I'm just so used to it I was like hey oh yeah
I'm like I kind of like
if I think you might be one of two people
I kind of have a conversation
that kind of applies to both people
sure yeah
so you get to a point on the dialogue tree
to make a choice exactly
and I've there was a girlfriend
I explained this to and she had heard the NPR
story and prosopagnosia
or whatever it was and she was like oh if that's a real
thing then that's cute I'll I'll help you out
and I'll like and she would like always
like do that that thing
but then one time I was like doing it so
I was like talking to a guy at the editor
awards who had a beard and a baseball
cap and a tuxedo and glasses
and it was like gee like
like you either edited the Sarah Silverman
program or the
Community Christmas episode I have no idea
so I just I talked to him for 25 minutes
about things that were true regardless of which
person he was
unfortunately things like I really
enjoy working with you I really respect
you a lot which are all true
for both people but also things
that if 25 minutes later you find
out I don't know who you are you're gonna be
really really bummed out
because you're not gonna think any of it was true
and and I did that
the whole time and then my girlfriend who was
listening to the whole conversation
was just also convinced
and so she's like I'm sorry what's your name
and I'm sorry she didn't say
that she's like Dan are you gonna
introduce us
and I was like ahhh
and I just went this is
Garrett and he went oh no
no
no no
man or whatever
and I'm like I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry
he's like it's okay it's alright
it's okay it's okay it's alright
and he walked off to win an editor's award or something
and I was like I'm just
staring at the table my girlfriend was like I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry I didn't know I thought you knew him
I'm like you're supposed to think I know him that's what I'm good at
he's like help me
it's a disease
dude I have a worse
story than that because I have the
herpes
she just drops the mic
I'm out
I have the unfortunate combination
of having a terrible memory and
vapid overconfidence
to where like you know I will
I just think I know
I just know I know someone and I once
introduced someone to an ex-boyfriend
by the wrong ex-boyfriend
and he was like
I need to purse that for a second
you introduced someone to an ex-boyfriend
yeah I thought he was a different
ex-boyfriend
so I called him by the wrong name
and he said
actually it's Matt we've slept together
but you're like I knew we slept together
I just didn't know which
I was not confused by that part
I've slept with a lot of people
this part of the story
is not in dispute
you just didn't do it very
remarkably
now Steve I remember
he had the feathers
not as a tool
he was a shaman
don't shake your head at me
I'm not shaking my head at you
yeah you are
eat the chip
Julian no
I've known you 12 years
Julian
oh no
get on camera
it's not that hot
I know I was doing a joke
I don't know this guy
you want to eat this chip too Julian
as long as you're like Harvey
eat the other chip
Julian
eat all the chip
I'm here taking
use a toothpick and get some of that on your
no no no no come on
okay Julian
oh god
oh god Rob
I'm so sorry for everything
I'm so sorry
I also would like to
apologize for everything
thanks Julian for apologizing
wait what are you
don't worry about it more people should
apologize
not talking into the mic
all of it
I do apologize for all of it
oh shit fuck god damn it
seek's gotta come up here
I also apologize for taking seek donnelly's time
hey seek donnelly where are you
Julian
ladies and gentlemen seek
seek
here steve give seek your mic
I'm able to gracefully
boss people around when they actually work for me
but donnelly
thank you seek sorry I forgot
about your life
so did I
why would you grow
hate this generation I hate your generation
you're a terrible terrible people
you make everything worse
you don't understand
self deprecation or dry comedy
or irony at all you're terrible
Seinfeld was right about you
and he's the one who said it wasn't funny
when kramer was on letterman apologizing
and he was wrong about that
he was right about you
you're bad unfunny people
seek yeah thank you
I like you
nice try nice try
seek how are you seek for new listeners
so you don't have to go back all the way through
multiple aneurysm survivor
which is
which is like
sounds kind of
more positive than multiple aneurysm non-survivor
but and yet carries with it
this life of uncertainty
and you
the last time we saw you you were
finishing up various projects but you had most importantly
made this life decision where you weren't gonna keep doing these
like medical things and we check in with you
from time to time and what's what's going on
you talk instead of me
all right I'd cliff note version
I'll try not to be too sad but
so
I left the doctors I kind of
went off on my own I still see
one doctor
you know time to get checkups
I'm on my 12th aneurysm
in my head right now
and but for the most
part I'm doing a little bit better
do you mean it's happening right now
I mean I think most of us
I'll speak for myself like the word
aneurysm sounds like explosion which
you mean you're on one?
yeah so it's in my head and they put
coils in it and that's to
kind of deflate it
so that the blood can... is that something that's happened
since we last talked to you?
yes oh okay so you're going to somebody
that's still checking and able to see
these things okay sorry
so to backtrack
the one thing I want to talk about was a
Kickstarter project that you guys all helped me fund
and how important it's been
to my progress
but to get there real quickly
back before I started the project
I was
I was kind of told around
2013 when I first was in a hospital in
2010 that the
some of the procedures I went through
they don't know the long term effects of them because they were new procedures
so we weren't sure
if I would survive past
a couple years and so
I think subconsciously I was
ready to go at any time
so I did
like the book soul star and then we put it online
and we you know we're trying to
you know get out there try to raise money for the aneurysm foundation
the book didn't do well
so then I
faced like my first
you know failure in a way
and then as that kind of fed
it started to
where I was waking up like hey another day
you know another day is another gift
and then I guess like most people
as you get older you get jaded and cynical
and I had to go from
being essentially an infant
when I had my aneurysm for not talking and not walking
and relearning all that
and then in the span of three years
get back into a 32 year old's body
so my life went hyper fast
so once I hit that wall
and things were going slow
reality really hit me and I wasn't really
coping with things very well
so I tried to take my own life
this has happened
you really made that effort
oh yeah I mean I had not a good
effort I just have I was on a lot
of pills at the time so I just took a bunch
of them and then the shitty part was
that I obviously it didn't work
and the next day I woke up really
sick and my stomach and chest were hurting
and I didn't have the money to go to the hospital
so I had to just
tough out some of the pain
and then
after that time is when I started
talking to my mom again
and I figured well okay
now I know what the bottom looks like
let's try to
build from that let's try to see
where I can go
so I started becoming friends with my mom again
which was nice and then I got to see
her last Christmas for the first time in a while
and now she currently
helps me hunt down Star Wars figures from the new movie
she's like she's at Walmart
like I'm at Walmart do you want one
because we're rednecks
and she
so then
what happened was I did this project that I honestly
thought no one would care about
and then you guys all funded it
in like a day
so I'm sorry I see you guys
I need to make get this clear
because the timeline of this is were you just catching
this up because when you've talked
to us in the past you're like you had reforges
relationship with your mom are you talking about this suicide attempt
this isn't the thing that has happened
that's new to listeners of our show
it's new to listeners of the show
but I haven't told it on the show
but it predates your reconciliation with your mom
and stuff like that
it was like last February
yeah last February
sorry I just wanted to make that clear
just because people like
they listen and they hear your story and they want to check
yeah no I'm glad I don't think linearly
so it's good thank you
yeah you're a fucking messy asshole
get your
fucking suicide right
fucking
when did it happen you piece of shit
you would Schrab
fucking
sorry
so
now he's good cop
now
instead of bad person
it's his usual role
that's okay Dan it's alright
so this project
I wanted to do you know I lost a lot of the
visual and creative side of my brain
I used to I moved out here to want to be a comic
book artist when I first moved out here
and then I lost a good chunk of that
so I started you know but I still want to
be a storyteller so I started writing
and I thought well what if I did an art
book like what would that look like
someone who can't
doesn't know what an apple looks like unless he's looking at one
what does someone like that create
and then as I was going through it
some
of my visual memory started to come back
and then I started remembering like my life
and then on top of the worst part
about that was that I could also remember
things like dreams and I couldn't
differentiate what was a dream and what was
what actually happened to me
because all the visuals were just coming
like tidal wave after tidal wave
and so instead of letting that
continue to depress me
what I did was I put it into the book
so this book I created called Alon
Vitao that you guys all help fund
thank you
it started off really small
but then because you guys funded it so quickly
and we raised almost double what I
intended I wanted to make it twice
a special and I wanted to make it a love letter
to Harmontown and
the people that come here
so the book is about a robot
who
was struggling with emotions and
he
at some point in his life
he started once a scientist
gave him a soul and then he had
to struggle with the memories that came
with that soul and then when it
ends up happening is he
like all good robots will do
he wiped out humanity
and then
but the thing is he regrets it
he misses us and so
this book is his digital
journal so there will be a small
print run but mostly it's a digital book
so as you're going through the pages
I do stuff like surrealism, purism
I took some tracks that Dustin
Marshall made and I remixed them
and made some music I also composed
a song for it as well
I did a dance
for it
I basically tried 50 to 60
different art styles that are out there cooking
you know things and I said you know
I can't be a comic book artist
what kind of artist can I be
and so this book was my
exploration of that so
through these digital memories you go
through the pages and you can press
the purism piece I did and it will tell
you the history of purism and then
you can manipulate things there's
voice acting on each page that you can
press and there's like you can hear the
characters talk and then there's
movies at play while you're watching it
the soundtrack plays while you're reading
it and I thought
well if I'm going to do something special
if these guys everyone sees something special
in this then I want to make it the most
unique project so I'm proud to say
that it's probably less than a month
from being completed finally
cool
and
when it comes out
I'm really looking forward
if you want to see a preview I put
30 pages on the subreddit
which is about a third of the book
oh jeez seek that's terrible marketing
that's what NBC
did with every scene of community
that I gave them
I do some
marketing for a comic book company
and I do some editing but
the truth is I'm not a business
person I'm not a sales person
I just know how to take pieces of
myself and share it with people
Trump Trump Trump
Trump
that sounds awesome
that's fantastic news
I mean where are you at
personally like what is your
so what that has done for me is
when I thought about
that I could check out any day
now I'm at the point where I'm like
you know what I have
goals and I don't want to check out anymore
I used to
just be ready to go at any moment
and now I'm
I never had a five year plan
I never gave love a chance
because I just was like well what's the point
if I'm just going to go now I'm like
no I'm here so let's
actually try to be
human and let's try to do some of this stuff
as flawed as I may be
and you were telling me backstage
that you started experimenting
with racism
and that that's really
yeah see
you applaud and then he turns out to be racist
I'm sorry New Zealand
I'm sorry
how amazing was that
I started my dreams
became my memories and then I remembered
oh my god I hate black people
actually I must hate white people
because of all the things I've written since soul star
everyone says where are your white characters
I go I think I hate them
yeah that's the only good
kind of white person you could be
that's the only choice I could make
I have to be racist
so I'm going to assume all white people are racist
that's my racism
is this called soul star
oh yeah that's on Amazon
it's a superhero book
Elan Vitale is this book
okay I just wanted to make sure that got out there
oh thank you
yeah Elan Vitale is called
it's based on a French theory
philosopher that he thought
you could transfer the human soul into an inanimate object
so
the book's very meta
not only is the robot
does he have a soul transferred into him
but he actually has my soul
so in the book you're reading
he has my memories
so you actually see me go from the hospital
to where I am now
in the book through his memories
into this book
so why did he wipe out humanity if he got your soul
does he
there's an anger
we've established he's a racist
he's just racist
against humans
is it
yeah well what I've noticed is what you guys were talking about
earlier gun control like I'm on
obviously your side with it
I hate anything that takes human life
and I hate that
number one thing humans
and I hate that there's even a debate about it
to me it's
that's insanity and I know why
obviously I know money's involved in everything
people in power but so I thought
what would I do
how would I save the world
so Elan
he doesn't want to kill anyone
I would never want to kill anyone
so he releases an airborne virus that renders everyone sterile
and
so this
generation of humanity is the last generation
that's what I do
yeah
except now what you've done is
you've forced natural selection to leave
only people who can afford Teslas to breed
well actually
I actually mentioned that in the book
he shuts down the power to all the Teslas
oh
smart
all those chambers that
seal you in he shuts them all down before he does it
yeah
clever robot
I like that idea making everyone
yeah I mean that would be nice
I
so hot
you know what would be sad
if you could render them not only sterile but also kind of sexless
so that they could
this would be tragic but also beautiful
that they could spend their last
generation of humanity could actually give you some hope
for humanity because everybody would be like well
I don't have like fucking
all these like because don't you think like hormones
are like
what he does is yeah I mean there is a
I don't want to spoil the ending
but there's I definitely touch on things like that
towards the end of the story
I'm just trying to make it because I just
around my 42nd birthday I was like
I don't really want to jerk off anymore
and then I see those commercials
where the guy catches a football and goes like hey
I'm coach Johnson
uh
my dick stopped working but
my pharmacist said I could get
a dickula
now and then he throws the football
really hard and you watch it
go into it like a pussy
I'm like why would they put a pussy
and use a football
it's not even clever and he's like
get your football back in a pussy
with dickula
like dickula that doesn't sound like a pill
sounds like Dracula
it does
coach Johnson
it's a terrible commercial but
I'm like I don't want
I saw the commercial and I'm like yeah but
these are the best days of my life
I'm like friends with women
these are the salad days
I feel like I'm a better person
since I became more like a fucking
yeah I don't call you anymore
because you know why
because you dick doesn't work
what the fuck are you
what are you saying
yeah
my dick doesn't work
it turned Schrab's text
but he invites me over
what the fuck
I don't want you to come over now
weird
seriously since I
I'm 43 now and I've spent the last year
trying to throw a football at a tire swing
and I cannot do it
and it's because
I
would rather be having sex
yeah
well good for you
must be nice
I like Minecraft
oh I play Minecraft too
and you still fuck women
god damn it
well then life just isn't fair
it's not
you get to be at the same age
when I was a kid
you were the kid on Star Trek
now we're both the same age
and you're the guy
who plays games for a living
and fucks while he's playing Minecraft
not while I'm playing Minecraft
I really need to be focused
I got a whole set of diamond armor
that I don't want to lose
because I got fucking knocked to me
I've worked a long time
on my crafting table
if you catch my drift
and the Minecraft's important too
yeah
she's good
alright
well let's
let's give Seeker our two handed
hug
we
we went till 10 o'clock
I think it's a great show
I already know you don't care
you played a great game
of non-fantasy role-playing games
earlier
yeah I kind of made you
absolute with my werewolf
yeah and then Will Wheaton made me dead
it was all part of the long game
it was a good move
that's what always happens
is I always am too smart and get killed right off the bat
but that means
we have to substitute the game of Shadowrun
which is usually just a rip-ro-ring
show-closer
and the only other thing I can think of
is a wrap
right Dustin?
alright here we go
he just needs a minute
give him a minute
I got a beat
Batman's got a beat
I don't want anybody's sloppy-ass beatboxing
I'm gonna wrap clean tonight
wrap clean
wrap it clean
clean tempo
oh my god and beatboxing beat
it's like too sloppy
let's do it right
let's do it nice decent
decent for once
let's have a decent wrap
with some good rhymes
and a whack-ass beat
come on
look for
god damn it
the particulate
the reticulate
counterpart
with JK Simmons
who I've known since Law & Order
and posers like you
just remember from
when he was naked on the Oz
look for that, that sounds awesome
it'll be out at some point next year
it's gonna be a well
and Will just wants you to
man, he guns you cock-suckers
that's pretty much sums up
my whole position on life
do you want to plug in anything?
nah, I'm on hiatus
I'm just being a writer right now
tabletop is surprisingly addictive
oh thanks man
big surprise
what do you mean surprisingly?
because on paper
there's no shame in saying that on paper
it sounds like a crazy idea
to watch people play a tabletop again
I like the idea
god damn it
that's
I was so excited
about it and so passionate about it
and I never felt any pressure
because I don't have to
make a network happy
so I just had to make a thing that made me happy
and I felt like look if the audience comes along
great and if the audience doesn't come along
well I really had a good time making this
that's what I care about
so it never occurred to me
that if this doesn't work
that wasn't the goal
that's what's so great about it
of course you wouldn't be thinking that
and apologizing for it in your head
that's what's neat though
there are people who understand that shit
and there are people
who don't
yo
like the fire up
like sit in the fire
and settle my fire
gonna sit around the fire
until we get tired
on a camping trip
roasting marshmallows
gonna fuck your mama
every way with the fellas
gonna
I'm sorry that sounds rapey
just start over
yo
let's just go camping
and then maybe we'll start vamping
some people call me eccentric
my name is eccentric
2B4
I'm a new kind of rapper with my dicks through the floor
I like to crouch down
and put it between the boards
and I fuck it so low
I found some gourds
I lift them out and I look at the seeds
and I throw them in the garden
cause that's what my family needs
need some food that is organic
I wanna fucking eat it
cause I don't wanna panic
environments and climate change
I fuck your mama in the city
fuck your mama on the range
yip yip yip ha yip ha yi ha
rope them doggies
like my name was mr. saw
mr. saw is the name
character I made up
in the fan fiction blog
about the saw series
I only saw the movies
in the theater
and I didn't know the character's name was jigsaw
because
I wasn't raised in that kind of
support system where I could just DVR it
I had to go to the movie
watch it once
run home and write fan fiction
you know how hard that is?
punky
yo so
when you go home tonight
and I'm under your bed
when you turn on the lights
just tell them that eccentric 2B4
was sent to you
but I can tell them too cause I'll be there
I'm not gonna do anything
I just like to sleep under the bed
let me
here's the bridge
which is do the bridge
the Vincent Price bridge
yeah
turn out the light
sugar salt
mustard ketchup and parsley
put them in the cabinet
alright
that's how it's done
Amy Boehm
Will Wheaton
seek Donnelly
to bring his life with us
Rob Schwab
he did alright
it's alright what he does
it's touch and go
Zach the audio maniac
from Meltdown working the
the chords and the decibels
Justin Marshall
producing everything in the Feral Audio Network
Kevin Day out there somewhere
providing you streamers
with your web service
making sure the
five cameras are cut
the right way
and all of the people
in Kansas
did you get any of that
it's a good show